Don't forget everything
The first rare thing is that it is easy to describe a hero who is good at attacking and tricking people.
You can feel it after just two sentences
He will face thousands of troops alone,
Ten thousand heroes are worth tens of millions.
As expected of him.
General Lee. As a soldier, you
How does it feel?
I would think
Not bad
acute symptoms
Not enough to eat
Hit me, my dear lady!
It seems five seconds
Twice as much as the lady
It feels like falling
Those two sentences are actually slow.
Can't even listen to me
No need to put too much pressure
If you think so, then I will
Just make a song and try it
I talked about releasing a new drama collection
How should we deal with this evil situation?
If I were you
Give up now I admit it
There are famous experts on the topic of base
But compared to me in doing things
Still there
If you can surpass me
I'll give you my real name in this matter
It's really what you said
Listen to me, you two